I promise I'll try to make this
entertaining
uh since it's the last talk. But you'll
see in the background there's some ramen
there and you're going to be like, "Oh
my god, Vincent, what the hell has ramen
got to do with anything around AI?" Uh
or so you think. So I'll make it
interesting. We're going to talk about
prompt optimization, but I'm going to
use Ramen as a vehicle for this uh uh
example. And and when we talk a lot
about research topics, things like
optimization and algorithms and things,
it can it can get a bit confusing. So,
it's good to ground ourselves with
something delicious such as food. I
might make you hungry. And these are
some of my ramen picks actually. So, uh
so I'm Vincent. Had a quick intro. I've
worked for a number of companies. I
coined myself a futurist. It's a
self-proclaimed term. I don't think I've
met anyone that's been called a futurist
by anyone else. And you can see on the
right there's Oculus Rift goggles. This
was like one of the alpha versions. I
think it was like 15 something years
ago. Who would have believed that even
VR was a thing. But I was putting this
thing on my face. It came with a warning
saying don't wear it for more than a
minute. I wore it for 2 hours. I vomited
profusely thereafter. So technology same
as AI and anything else we're seeing is
experimental. It's different. It's fun.
It doesn't work half the time, but we
have to keep trying and we have to keep
experimenting. And it's that
experimentation process that sometimes
leads us to something interesting. I'm
going to touch on OPIC and comment just
two seconds, but that's not the focus of
my talk today. So, uh, OPIC is an
observability platform and if you want
to find out anything about what we're
doing, feel free to come and speak to us
downstairs. The team are downstairs, I'm
downstairs, or grab me afterwards. But
the part that I'm excited about is how
we go from evaluation and telemetry to
action. So if we're capturing telemetry
and we're capturing what's happening
inside your AI application, like to me
it just didn't make sense that we
couldn't do anything with that, right?
Like we should take action. We should
fix the problem rather than telling you
by the way you have a problem. I mean
we're at a point now with like these IDs
like cursor and other tools like that
that we can suddenly get to a point
where oh I I see that this is happening.
I'm going to do x y and zed. To me, this
X, Y, and Zed seemed like a simple thing
to do, but as I went down that rabbit
hole, it got a little bit more
complicated. And to me, this this
analogy, I think this analogy, this
someone can tell me history behind this.
It goes back many many years, but it
kind of touches on this like impossible
triangle is the best way I can describe
it. And I kind of put put these three
pillars and and tie that back to LLM.
So, you have speed, cost, and accuracy.
And when we're when we're going to build
anything, right? You're going to build a
house, you're going to cook ramen,
whatever. You can have it quick, you can
have it cheap, but you're going to lose
out on accuracy. So, you got to just
imagine there's a pinpoint somewhere
along that triangle. Something is a
trade-off with something else. And our
journey into large language models and
the way we started somewhat ended up in
this in this space as well. You know, we
started off with prompt engineering,
which was what as soon as like these
LLMs came out, it became this this sort
of term that we we bucketed ourselves
into. We went into the world of context
engineering, as one of my colleagues at
Red Panda earlier kind of uh pointed out
that, you know, rag is not a new
concept. This thing of context
engineering has been around for quite
some time. And then we're kind of going
into this world that I like to call
intent engineering. And I'll kind of
touch on that a little bit because when
I look at prompts and the way we've been
doing prompts at the start, I kind of
use this wording of like doom, I don't
know, like doom word smithing. We're
essentially taking words and we're
bashing it into an LLM. Like you must do
this. If you don't do this, I'm going to
lose my job. You're going to lose your
job, too. Someone's going to die. And
it's just like this like words, words,
words to like to try and force this
model to conform and behave in a certain
way. Kind of felt like it made sense a
few years ago, but the more I look at
it, it just seemed like utter nonsense,
but for some weird reason, it somewhat
worked and got us somewhere. So, you had
these like people that had worked out
this magic flavor of tokens, so to
speak, like a like a secret sauce, uh,
like the KFC recipe almost in a way to
LLMs. And that was kind of getting us
somewhere there, but not quite there.
And then we kind of landed into this
world of context engineering. We're
like, well, we can't solve this accuracy
hallucination problem. What the hell are
we going to do about it? Well, it was
like, well, we can bring some context.
We can bring some memory into these
models and give it some some start. But
we're still stuck in this paradigm of
the input as the starting point and then
the hopes that it leads us to the
output. And that's why I'm coining this
like intent engineering. Someone's got a
better wording for this, by all means.
like go for it. But I had to put it in a
placeholder to kind of explain this
concept. And I think optimization kind
of sits in this bucket. Fine-tuning to a
degree. There's going to be other forms
of this, but it's really I want to start
with the output. I want to define the
output and work backwards. Let's say I'm
a PM in an enterprise company. I should
be able to like define what my expected
outcome is, see some examples,
create a golden data set, and then
that's the starting point. And if if it
doesn't match that expectation, there's
a failure and there's like a score
attached to that or I know where it's
going wrong. Right now, it's like I tell
someone to write a prompt and they go
off and do this whole horrid process
and it's back to front. So, I think we
need to flip it on its head to actually
get us to a point where the model works
for you in your given context and we
have a bit more clarity around what that
actually means.
So, we start with the agent. uh it's
just a really simplified view but like
even when we look at the agent there's
many components to it. [snorts] So when
I talk about optimization I'm going to
talk about one of the components but as
you can see there's multiple facets to
this thing or you might even in some
cases have multiple agents. So then okay
how does this work in combination with
with each other. So keeping it simple
you have an input with some data set
that's going in which could explain
what's going on and that's going to
create the user and system prompt with
that input. Uh in the middle layer
you've got some tool function. I mean an
agent could just be a prompt but in
reality it's going to have some ability
to take action. Could be function
calling. It could be writing messages.
You define whatever it is. And then
you've got like the base which is the
inference which is the model itself as
well as the parameters that come with
that model. So one way of optimizing
could be finding a faster model at a
price that makes sense to you, right?
Like which is a logical step you can do
like you may not have to change the
instruction or you can fine-tune the
model or find a better model, right?
So you kind of start off in this prompt
engineering jury where you go, I'm
getting some output. And then you're
going, well, why is this model
hallucinating? Let me try to fix that.
And then you just kind of vibe check it.
And you're like, yeah, I'm going to bash
some words into this thing and hopefully
create a better prompt. And that's
flawed. And it's flawed for the same
reasons I spoke about before, cuz it's
missing that signal, the triangle. Like,
we don't know if this thing is kind of
heading in that right direction, and
it's kind of making sense whatsoever.
But if we say, "Let me write this
better, but let me test this and kind of
build a bit of structure around it."
That's when you actually starting to get
into some sort of systematic approach to
prompt engineering. And funny enough, I
still know companies that are doing this
that are enterprises and have smart
people on their teams when the leap to
this is like very small, but the delta
and the improvement is massive. I think
there's a fear that, you know, they're
going to realize that maybe the problems
they were writing were not working or
not not useful. But same as in machine
learning, we define the measure of
success, the speed, the accuracy, the
latency, whatever, and we test against
that. I'm not advocating for you to use
OPIC to solve this. You can, it's open
source, you can get started for free.
But like even an Excel spreadsheet and
even a simple way to just validate and
have a test case to say, is this working
every time is a way to start on that.
and con, you know, congratulations,
you've kind of reached level one. We've
got some noodle on the plate. We've get
something out of a model. It looks a bit
bland, but at least the machine's
working. Like, we're getting an output
that's sort of conforming to what we
want. But we then sort of went along
this journey and we're like, look, we've
got the noodle, but it's still not quite
right. Like, it it doesn't match my
flavor and taste. It's super generic.
Like, it's hallucinating. It's not what
I expected. And it's really taken us
like a couple years of research. And the
big sort of shift that happened was
essentially this concept of meta
prompting and which kind of led to a lot
of the some of the stuff you've seen
around chain of thought and reasoning
models and things like that as well. But
the the short answer of the research was
yes, we can actually use an LLM to do
this task for us. So the part that I
just showed you, maybe an LLM could
write the prompt. We can test that and
we can keep doing this loop over and
over again. So our version of a
metaprompter does something similar to
this. It takes the prompt uh creates a
version of the prompt, multiple versions
for a better word, tests them, learns
from that, and keeps iterating on that
loop until we get an outcome. Now, you
could do this yourself with just an LLM
and a couple loops and just keep doing
it, right? Like it's not a complex
process. There are some other tricks and
stuff you can put under the hood, but
you know, in essence, this is like a
very simple basic optimization
methodology you can use. Um, so in this
case, the chef looks at the recipe and
says, "I can write a better one, but
also is kind of doing all the work
itself." So, a better sort of way to
look at this is that, you know, you've
got this like Michelin star dish, ramen,
whatever, with all the ingredients that
you've never seen before, and you've
been told to cook. And it's kind of true
of LLMs. If you're getting an LLM to
write the prompt for you, and it hasn't
seen this thing before, it's just going
to create lots of things. It doesn't
mean those things are going to be any
good. What we're doing is we're creating
more trials, more versions of prompts
and we're just hoping that one of them
are going to strike gold. And nine times
out of 10, if you do it hard enough,
long enough with enough context, you
will or this thing has some domain
knowledge in the pro in the LLM. So
maybe it's been exposed to prompts
before a data set. So it has an idea of
how your thing works. It's a good
starting point, right? So this works,
but it only gets us so far. You know, we
get stuck. Uh the ramen still comes out.
Maybe it looks a little bit better, but
you just end up with lots of different
ramen. So, in this case, you've kind of
reached level two. Yes, you've got a
better prompt sort of hopefully, but at
the same time, it's not exactly what you
need. You just got lucky by creating a
million different versions of prompts,
the one that kind of got you closer to
what you're looking for. It wasn't
precision. It's kind of like me kind of
coming up with lots of drugs and
medicine and just giving them to lots of
people and saying a lot of people got
cured, which is kind of a little bit how
medicine kind of works with this trial
and error thing, but it's not precision.
It's not designed for that specific
individual mind. It's designed for a
group of people uh in a given scenario.
And that's kind of what's happening here
with with the prompt engineering in its
naent stages uh where we kind of started
off.
But there's alternatives to this brute
forcing methodology. And apologies, I'm
going a little bit fast. I'll have time
for questions at the end. Like I'm
trying to cover a lot of these topics in
a short space of time. But yeah, there
are alternatives to this methodology as
well. So we can get smarter about
pinpointing the exact mechanics of what
is happening without having to go
through that like constant like just
getting the machine to carry out words.
And there's a bunch of other optimizers
that came before these, but some of the
ones, two of the ones I'm going to
highlight are own. And one of the ones
is the Ger one, if you've heard from
DSPY.
The GE one and the one we wrote in April
uses sort of a genetic methodology,
which I'll talk to in a little bit. And
I'm also going to touch on the the other
method, which is kind of using like a
retrospective, I would call it. Um I may
or may not have time to go into ger but
I'll kind of touch on the examples.
So this new wave has kind of emerged in
the last sort of 6 months or so where
we're starting to see that like these
things can like genuinely do some like
real serious work and create prompts of
like like pretty decent value that can
sometimes like rival prompt engineering
uh in some organizations or in some use
cases as well. So a quick touch on like
genetic algorithms. Essentially on the
left is the example. Let's just say the
meta prompting where we're starting with
a prompt at the top here, the system
prompt. We take that system prompt out
and we say, "Hey, we're going to create
like 10 variations." And we find this
one here is working really well for us.
And then we go down. We take that and we
create another 10 variations based off
that one as the seed. And we go down. So
this is what we've been doing with like
the metaprompting example that I touched
on. But when we talk about genetic
algorithms, it's literally what you
would think when you think about or
evolutionary. Different people use a
different term interchangeably. You have
this concept where you take the prompt,
but in this case, you create that prompt
has children, right? So you're going to
end up with like multiple people uh and
people are prompts in this case and a
population. So the population at the top
might be a population of five. But what
we're then going to do is we're going to
mix these children together. Uh
children, they're going to grow older.
They're going to mutate. their genetics
are going to mutate. We're going to
change little parts of their prompt so
they're not all exactly the same and
they're going to have children of their
own. So we're going to find that two
prompts work really well. What happens
if they have a child? Like we join them
together and they have children. So it
kind of gets down this like really
interesting rabbit hole of like learning
and modifying and changing which is very
similar to some of the concepts you see
in like reinforcement learning but
applying that concept to prompts. This
is a really simplified view of what's
happening, but imagine you've got like a
population of 50 and you've got like a
thousand or two three thousand trials
that are happening and you end up with a
prompt at the end which is like some
weird combination of like all these
learnings that have happened uh over
years so to speak within a sort of
prompt speak. So the evolutionary
optimizers sort of follow a sim similar
pattern but instead of going in and
saying hey we're going to just take the
prompt and the population
um and just create prompts. What we're
doing is we're mutating them and we're
merging these little components of
prompts together, making different
versions, evaluating them, and then
going back to the start. But the
difference in this case is as we go
through each evolution, we kind of do
this concept, at least in our in our
optimizer, called a hall of fame. And
that kind of works a little bit like a a
census is a probably a better analogy in
this case of like we're we're basically
jotting down what worked, what didn't,
and where's the population at and what
was the winning thing. So in this case,
like what was the biggest most important
job or what was the most uh used name uh
in that time of year, right? So we're
kind of keeping a record of like what's
happened and that record is what's
informing this optimizer at the top to
then come up with new prompts. Uh we're
also doing other tricks like snipping
top and bottom and and things like that
which are very similar to like in in ML
where you don't want to reach like the
same point every single time. We want to
inject a bit of randomness into it. So
going back to the ramen example, in this
case, you're going to have multiple
ramen chefs essentially competing
against each other and the best dish
will evolve and the losers go home. If
anyone's watched Master Chef or anything
along those lines or any of these like
cooking programs, this essentially what
we're doing in this case um where we're
maintaining that population and we're
going around. There's other couple
tricks that we've deployed where we've
got like a cold start problem or a
problem where we might converge into the
same prompt all the time. So every so
often we might reinject the starting
prompt back into the population or we
might take the data set without looking
at the prompt and ask the LLM to create
a prompt based on this data set and
inject that back into the population.
This is very similar to like events that
will happen in the real world where I
don't know there's like a pandemic or a
disease or different things happen that
will change like the course of action.
So we're kind of bringing in that level
of randomness uh into this case.
Uh Ger is very similar to this approach.
The only difference with Gera, there's
quite a few differences, but the main
one here is that instead of doing
population in the sense of I'm going to
change the entire prompt, the prompt
gets chopped up into pieces like
ingredients instead of the entire dish,
we're changing the ingredients and we're
mutating the ingredients and we're
stitching those ingredients together and
and seeing what works. So, it takes a
kind of similarish process with some
other kind of differences to that. and
it has a scorecard which is called like
a Pareto function which looks at the
relationship between that triangle that
I spoke about the cost the accuracy and
stuff like that. So you might end up
with a prompt ideally that isn't like
bloated with lots and lots of tokens and
it's it's trying to balance out the
needs. So if accuracy is quite similar,
it might preference something that's
maybe a shorter prompt instead of a
larger one. So that's kind of the the
very kind of the the nuance difference
between the two, but they kind of behave
in a similar way. So in this case, as I
mentioned, we break that dish down into
its components. So in a ramen, there's
like the noodle, there's the broth,
there's the oil, there's a spice. So
you're working on those pieces and
optimizing those pieces and then
reassembling those dishes together to
come up with like a new variation of a
prompt instead of going, I'm going to
build entire dishes altogether and
mutate parts of that dish um as a
difference. Now, where we changed this
approach entirely and we decided, look,
this is kind of working. What we tend to
find, and the research on this is, you
know, we're still going to be publishing
this pretty soon, is
these work great in like an example
where you've got like a research data
set of hugging face and you load it in
and you give it a go and you're like,
"Wow, this is great." But in reality,
prompts are more complex in
organizations. Like you take one company
and their prompt is maybe like 20,000
token lines long, right? You've already
reached that like maxing yourself out
with that like prompt engineering work
that you've done. Then where do you go
from that? Like you try and put it in
somewhere like this, it's going to it's
not going to do well because it's always
designed to start with some smaller
basin and add to it and subtract to it
and grow. [snorts] And the more we
started thinking about this internally,
the more we started thinking like
actually if I was a prompt engineer and
I was facing this problem, how might I
think about it? Like how do you think
about a a a problem which you may have
no idea about? And it's really kind of
simple. It kind of boils down to what we
call like root cause analysis. So in
this case we our next optimizer this was
very recent only like released like
maybe a month or month and a half ago um
called Hapo which is hierarchical
adaptive prompt optimizer essentially
starts with a failure. This is kind of
going into that intent engineering world
that I was touching on where we're
actually going back to front and we're
going hey we looked at this prompt and
we ran it and something went wrong. So
in this case, it could be a very simple
piece of code maybe that runs, but
something about that code means the
accuracy doesn't work quite right. And
I'm going to show you an example where
we've applied this into production. And
we look at that and we go, okay, we're
going to come up with five reasons why
we think this has failed. Imagine you
got five top engineers in front of you.
Go, you, A, what went wrong? B person,
what went wrong? And they might say
something like, oh, the syntax was
wrong. You used the wrong package. um
the way the class was defined could be a
little x y and zed. So you come up with
these strategies or you group these
strategies based on the failures and
based oh no you take these failures you
group them and you come up with
strategies and those strategies become
new mutations on the prompts. You apply
that to the prompt. You create an
evaluation process and you reflect on
that evaluation. You go okay we reran
this. this was the new score, but
actually we found out you fixed this one
little thing a little bit better, I
think, but these other areas are still a
failure point.
So, we keep going asking why why why
looping through. And we find that this
takes you in a completely different
pathway from some of the other
optimizers and the way they approach it.
And kind of going back to that food
example, you don't know what good tastes
like. You might not know like you know
you may not have tested best dish or you
may not have tasted you know had
listened to the the most been in a
sports supercar or something like that.
So you have you might not have
experienced that like the model may not
have experienced the thing that we're
looking for but it's within its realm of
possibilities in a search space. So
taking a dish example it's like I taste
a dish I might not be the perfect chef
but I can tell you that maybe it feels a
little salty maybe the texture is off.
I'm just kind of listing out things that
I think could be going wrong in this
example and then just tweaking it to see
what happens. And taking all of these
sort of like failure modes and grouping
them together we find kind of leads us
into this sort of really interesting
space.
Um just realized I've got the wrong two
seconds. I'm going to change.
So with this one I was explaining like
we go through that reflective process
and essentially it's similar to like a
doctor diagnosing symptoms prescribing
targeted medication. We get an idea, we
see the output, we kind of revolve and
we do that again. And an example of
where we've managed to get this into the
wild and this is something we're going
to do more of and if you have
suggestions let us know is we tried a
couple of different methods and we've
posted this up. You can check the link
in the bottom in our repo which might be
hard to see but we'll make sure we send
them around is lang chain has a JSON
mode. So if you have ever worked with
like open- source models, you're trying
to create JSON mode. They have like a
function you can use. And I met people
that like this thing keeps failing all
the time. Can you please for the love of
God like prove your Apple's worth and
just go and apply this optimizer in in
this case? So we applied it here. It ran
for a number of iterations. We used a
number of different optimizers. So we we
tested the one that gave us the best
result. In this case, it's gone from uh
0.12,
so like a 12% baseline of like 100%
accuracy all the time. It, you know, two
times out of 10, and we got it to like a
97% accuracy, uh, which is like a 700%
improvement on this particular prompt.
And you can see we're just explaining
what to do with the JSON. And we the the
data set's all public. We're using
examples of JSON data sets we found on
HuggingFace. And we're using this
reflective process to come up with a
better prompt. and then we're applying
that back. So, we wanted to find
examples in the wild that we can test
this in like live use cases. We've got a
number of other similar ones that are
coming up, but if you see any like
multi- aent systems and prompts that are
in open source or if your any of your
products or services are open source and
you have prompts available, I'd be more
than happy to have a crack at um
optimizing that for you and and applying
that optimization back into your uh
organization's codebase. So, here,
congratulations. We've reached level
three. we finally have something that
kind of resembles ramen cuz you can see
here that we're actually getting the
JSON output that we're looking for. Now,
we are going to get optimizers that are
going to get more and more complex. You
know, things are going to get a little
bit more interesting. And I think the
key takeaway for me here is that like
there's going to be other forms like you
remember that PI that I showed you, what
happens when you have multiple agents,
what happens when you have tool calling
and things like that. So, we've been
looking into that as well. So, we've got
like optimization for MCP and function
calling. We've been looking at like that
kind of different strategies of how do
we sort of tackle that. But I think the
key thing here is to experiment, right?
Like taste things, try it, give it a go
and [snorts] see if it's right for you.
Like if you're if you're starting with
the prompt and you're struggling like
what does prompt engineering look like?
In my opinion, prompt engineering has
shifted. Uh I hate to use the word it's
dead. Um but it's dead in the old way of
how we know it of like just bashing
words into a into a machine and making
sure that works and leverage them for
your projects. And like another good way
of example of thinking about it as I
mentioned is like start to think about
how you define your prompts internally
currently in your organizations. What
does your prompts life cycle look like?
And is a future change where optimizers
become more current. Is that going to
change the way you think about it? Like
a year and a half ago we had people's
jobs that were like prompt optimizers,
right? They were hired to do this
specific job. So have a think about
that. So you've got the access to the
docs on the on the right and then my
LinkedIn on the middle. uh I'll welcome
questions but I will add that a lot of
this work sorry all of this work that
has been done is open source the entire
codebase all the optimizers I've walked
you through is publicly available and we
have a number of announcements around
the benchmarks and some of the
methodologies that are going to be
coming out over the next few days and
weeks as well thank you
>> thank you Vincent
we are opening up the floor for
questions for Vincent anybody has
questions
No.
Oh, I see. Okay.
>> Hi. Thank you. Uh it's a great talk. I
guess my question is mostly around how
do you measure this accuracy and how do
you make sure that it's specific to the
domain that the prompt is uh curated
for.
>> Yeah, good question. So if we go back to
some of these earlier slides, let me
find this
like if we go back to this really simple
loop, right? You've got you've got the
data set which then informs the input.
So without a c a good curated data set,
your optimization fails. Uh and we go
back to this same thing with anything in
AI like it starts back at that data set.
You need to define a really clear data
set that kind of has good examples and
bad which I'll touch on super quickly
but also the metric like what do you
define as success? Is it accuracy? Is it
hallucination? Is it cost? Like that
triangle that I spoke about is like one
part of it. But like being really clear
on that and that's where the opic side
of our platform which does the evals
comes in because we have like close to
30 different sort of evaluations out of
the box that you can plug into. So maybe
that's your starting point. But when it
comes to data sets, if you're like, "Oh
my god, like human data set. I'm not
going to sit there and write a thousand
examples. Maybe you take existing traces
of your application, you export that and
you use that as a starting point. You
get a human to annotate it or an LLM to
evaluate good and bad and you start
there. Or you just synthetically do half
and half or you use traces and get an LM
to create more examples of that and then
you annotate it. But there's like a bit
of a workflow needed to like kind of
create a baseline of examples. But we
found on another paper I published is
like something like 20 to 30 examples
can give a signal to an LLM if it's not
it it might not be the best signal but
it's still a signal. So like don't feel
like there's a massive amount of data
needed to make this work but obviously
more data means better confidence means
better outcomes and likely higher
accuracy readings cuz you know if you're
trying to score something with five
examples or 10 examples you're not going
to get a good read on if this is going
to work well all the time.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
Question. Question somebody.
Thank you. Um would you say that this is
sort of like doing hyperparameter tuning
but instead of with parameters you're
doing it on the prompts? Yeah,
essentially the only difference with
hyperparameter tuning,
you you tend to have an idea of what the
search space looks like in in a in a
loosely defined way like you kind of
know what you're looking for. You just
need a you need a smarter way of getting
there. In this case, the search space is
somewhat near and more infinite than
than than a hyperparameter tuning. So it
becomes more complex to like find. It's
like looking for a needle on Earth
rather than like a needle in a in a in a
room where you know you can just go
through every single dot with your eyes
and work your way or maybe you could be
smarter about how you scan which is
essentially what hyperparameter tuning
is. Um does that analogy give a a bit
more context to like Yeah. Okay.
So this is pretty cool and new. So,
um I guess the the question that sort of
bugs my mind is
do you have um any
real world cases that you can share
where using your optimization actually
ended up resulting [snorts] in
improvement? You don't have to share the
names and so on, but it would be nice to
know.
>> Yeah. So, the one I've shared was the
Langchain one which we've I've myself
personally done and then committed back
to Langchain and then within a couple of
hours it was merged. Surprise. Um
but some of the other use cases that
we're looking at and without talking
about customers I I'll give one examp
two examples. The first one is
[clears throat]
when we think about the process of when
you create an LLM as a judge where an
LLM is creating and looking at
uh the input data coming from another
LLM and and scoring it. That's a prompt
as well. So, one use case that we're
looking at is like, okay, if you've
annotated your data set, could I take
that annotation data that you've
annotated your traces on in terms of
what's coming out of your AI and
actually fine-tune, not fine-tune, but
like instruction tune your LLM as a
judge to like make the judge prompt
better and actually have an accuracy
attached to that. So now suddenly we go
from like is LLM's any good at judging
my work to like LLM are good at judging
my work with a degree of confidence of X
and Y. So that's like a very proven sort
of pattern that we can follow. Um we've
got some more extreme use cases like
we've got one company we're working with
which is like a large media company on a
PC and I've been working on multimodal
evals as well. So we've got like video
based LLM as a judge that's like a whole
another conversation in itself. And what
we're doing is because our evals support
it so does our optimizers. So, we're
kind of getting to this space where like
I've got an agent that the data set
input is an image or a video instead of
text and I want to tune create a better
classification like I might be looking
at safety risk or is this person an
influencer or not or is there any
children in this video things like that
right where you just want to use an LLM
to do that like a vision based LLM
instead of like kind of doing computer
vision stuff which is as good but it
just takes time to set up. Yeah. Right.
Cool.
>> Thank you.
>> Yep.
>> Anybody else have questions? I can't
see.
>> No.
Oh,
thank you.
>> Okay. Uh uh just a question. How you can
compare
uh opic efficiency with DSP uh prompt
optimization? [clears throat]
>> Yes. So when you're talking about the
efficiency,
uh DSPY is a uh for some of you that do
know or don't know is an agentic
framework. DSPY first released the ME
Pro with like one of the optimizers that
was like in the earlier list of like
optimizers that kind of really started
this race. [snorts] And
the issue is probably not so much the
issue if you love DSPY, but it relied on
DSPY as a framework. When we built this
optimization package, we took the MERO
algorithm out of DSPY and we used that
as our starting base because we needed
something that didn't rely on like a
framework and was totally agnostic. You
can use any LLM you want. You can use
any framework agent you want. [snorts]
Since then they've done a lot of work
and not DSPY but the team behind DSPY
who are researchers at like Berkeley and
Stanford and a few of the people at data
bricks have then subsequently built GAP
um or just you know partially it's a
it's a sub project of DSPY but it
doesn't rely on DSPY. So I think there's
a lot of misconception in this space
that like DSPY is an optimizer. I think
there are optimizers within DSPY which
is what's making DSPY really popular but
we also give you those same optimizers
agnostic of DSPY so you can run those
same optimizers in our SDK but we also
have our own optimizers as well and they
behave differently given different
scenarios given data sets I don't want
to share just now because we're still
going through the benchmarking process
and we'll be publishing results but
depends on your use case and the data
set and domain like Each optimizer has
its different quirks and they provide
different results.
[snorts]
>> Great.
More question. More question. No.
Okay. I don't think I'm missing anybody
else, but Vincent still here if you want
to ask him question outside of this room
as well. So, thank you so much.
>> Thank you. Thank you so much, Vincent.
So [applause] wonderful.